res/LEXICON.md, before:

## Lexicon Entries

The lexicon `english.csv` uses a variation of the comma separated value (CSV)
format.  Each line contains one **lexeme**, including inflected forms if
necessary.

* Value 1: **lemma** : **word class** {.**attributes**}
* Values 2+: **irregular inflected forms**

Example:

```
go:V,_es,_ing,went,_ne
```

### Lemma (Base Word)

The base or canonical form of a word, usually in all lowercase.

### Word Class

Codes for one of nine basic word classes:

| Code | Class        |
|------|--------------|
| `A`  | Adjective    |
| `Av` | Adverb       |
| `C`  | Conjunction  |
| `D`  | Determiner   |
| `I`  | Interjection |
| `N`  | Noun         |
| `P`  | Preposition  |
| `Pn` | Pronoun      |
| `V`  | Verb         |

### Attributes

If any attributes are provided, they are preceded by a dot `.`:

| Code | Description                      | Examples
|------|----------------------------------|----------------------
| `s`  | Singulare Tantum                 | _dust_, _information_
| `p`  | Plurale Tantum                   | _pants_, _scissors_
| `n`  | Proper (name) noun               | _Monday_
| `a`  | Auxiliary verb                   | _cannot_
| `i`  | Intransitive verb or preposition |
| `t`  | Transitive verb or preposition   |

### Inflected Forms

Forms are modifications of the **lemma**, indicating tense, number, etc.
They can be abbreviated in a couple ways:

- An underscore (\_) in a form is treated as an exact copy of the lemma.
- A hyphen (\-) at the beginning of a form includes the lemma, trimmed
  to the first letter after the hyphen.  For example, `alumnus:N,-ni`

If no inflected forms are provided, regular forms will be automatically
generated for these four word classes:

- **Adjective**: Comparative (\_*er*), Superlative (\_*est*)
- **Noun**: Plural (\_*s*)
- **Pronoun**: Plural (\_*s*)
- **Verb**: Present tense (\_*s*), Present participle (\_*ing*),
            Past tense (\_*ed*)

There are rules for attaching the suffixes, but they're not perfect.

Commit message:

Remove underscore abbreviations (use hyphens only)

res/LEXICON.md, after:

## Lexicon Entries

The lexicon `english.csv` uses a variation of the comma separated value (CSV)
format.  Each line contains one **lexeme**, including inflected forms if
necessary.

* Value 1: **lemma** : **word class** {.**attributes**}
* Values 2+: **irregular inflected forms**

Example:

```
go:V,goes,going,went,gone
```

### Lemma (Base Word)

The base or canonical form of a word, usually in all lowercase.

### Word Class

Codes for one of nine basic word classes:

| Code | Class        |
|------|--------------|
| `A`  | Adjective    |
| `Av` | Adverb       |
| `C`  | Conjunction  |
| `D`  | Determiner   |
| `I`  | Interjection |
| `N`  | Noun         |
| `P`  | Preposition  |
| `Pn` | Pronoun      |
| `V`  | Verb         |

### Attributes

If any attributes are provided, they are preceded by a dot `.`:

| Code | Description                      | Examples
|------|----------------------------------|----------------------
| `s`  | Singulare Tantum                 | _dust_, _information_
| `p`  | Plurale Tantum                   | _pants_, _scissors_
| `n`  | Proper (name) noun               | _Monday_
| `a`  | Auxiliary verb                   | _cannot_
| `i`  | Intransitive verb or preposition |
| `t`  | Transitive verb or preposition   |

### Inflected Forms

Forms are modifications of the **lemma**, indicating tense, number, etc.
They can be abbreviated using a hyphen (\-) at the beginning of a form.
This includes the lemma, trimmed to the first letter after the hyphen.  For
example:

```
alumnus:N,-ni
```

If no inflected forms are provided, regular forms will be automatically
generated for these four word classes:

- **Adjective**: Comparative (*er*), Superlative (*est*)
- **Noun**: Plural (*s* suffix)
- **Pronoun**: Plural (*s* suffix)
- **Verb**: Present tense (*s*), Present participle (*ing*),
            Past tense (*ed*)

There are rules for attaching the suffixes, but they're not perfect.
